Are you a student who needs
extra help in your academics?
Do you struggle with finding the right tutor,
or have concerns about the
quality of tutors you find online?
Fret not, as our platform,
NUSTutors, has got you covered.
Our platform offers a wide range of features,
including search filters, detailed user profiles,
ratings and reviews, appointment scheduling,
payments system, and private messaging!
Our platform uses the MERN stack, which
includes MongoDB, Express.js, React,and Node.js.
We also use Git for version control
and Jest for unit testing of our platform.
No matter if you're a student who
needs academic support or a tutor who wants to teach,
join NUSTutors today and
experience the benefits of our platform!